- [Kevin] After you learn the fundamentals of Java,
there's no better second step in your learning journey
than the Java collections framework.
The framework provides data structures like lists, queues,
and maps that Java developers work with every day.
Having these data structures in your toolbox
is critical for coding everything from the most basic
to the most advanced Java applications.
Hi, I'm Kevin Bowersox.
I've built many complex systems with Java
throughout my career,
and all of them have used Java collections.
In this course, I'll teach you about the concepts
of the framework, its interfaces, and how to work with them
so you can put them into practice
and be successful with collections.
So if you're ready to level up with Java,
join me in my LinkedIn Learning course
to learn how Java collections
will help you deliver better solutions.